Configurable TEID-Ranges (#213)
travelping/ergw: README.md

Docker images are build by travis-ci and pushed to [hub.docker.com](https://hub.docker.com/r/ergw/ergw-c-node/tags),
and by gitlab.com and pushed to [quay.io](https://quay.io/repository/travelping/ergw-c-node?tab=tags).

> BUILDING & RUNNING

Reviewer: Good explanation that could perhaps go into a separate commit.

Author: Moved README changes into https://github.com/travelping/ergw/pull/214

-------
Required:

> * The minimum supported Erlang version is **22.3.4**(*Erlang 23.0.3 is the recommended version.*).

Reviewer 2: Please add space before `(`.

Author: Moved README changes into https://github.com/travelping/ergw/pull/214

* [Rebar3](https://www.rebar3.org/)
An *erGW* installation needs a user plane provider to handle the GTP-U path. This
instance can be installed on the same or different host.

A suitable user plane node based on [VPP](https://wiki.fd.io/view/VPP) can be found at [VPP-UFP](https://github.com/travelping/vpp/).

**ERGW** can be started with **rebar3** command line tools, and build with run can looks like:

```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/travelping/ergw.git
$ cd ergw
$ wget https://s3.amazonaws.com/rebar3/rebar3
$ chmod u+x ./rebar3
$ touch ergw.config
```

> Then edit the file that just was created **ergw.config** like described below. This requires a suitable **ergw.config**, e.g.:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
then fill just created **ergw.config** file with content like described below providing a suitable configuration, e.g.:
```

Author: Moved README changes into https://github.com/travelping/ergw/pull/214
